I've already called him and his father
Are you still doing it tonight?
I told you not to startle the snake after you find him
Dispose of it quietly
Now he's on guard.
Just wait.
But you promised me
Reward for completing tasks
Get rid of the time-to-run APP.
The owner and all their immediate family members
Avoid future troubles
Reward immortality
Mr. Wang, why didn't you come?
It turned out to be Mr. Xu
Mr. Xu
I don't want our two companies to join forces?
After all, I have feelings for the company
Let's go to my office
That's what it feels like to be a boss
Today's task is to find a girlfriend
Get the powerful sky
It's time for this mission
It doesn't matter if he rewards or not.
Let me experience what it's like to be in love first
What do I want today?
Mengqi must be hard not to fall in love with me
Mr. Xu, this is
Muse
Ah, Mr. Xu
I have arranged for your father
The younger brother is guarding every inch by the side
I also sent people to find Wang Kais
It's okay, don't go to him.
He must have had to yesterday
Oh, how did you fall in love with me?
Me? Yeah.
Although I was very grateful for your call 9 yesterday.
You are also my boss
But I think we still need to get to know each other
You speak louder. I didn't hear a word
I think we should start by dating
Where do you want to date?
Well, how about the restaurant?
OK, then you can book a 7 o'clock tomorrow night
Just follow your aesthetic.
Money is not a problem